Now, the thing that's nice about it is
that when you click it up here,
it can and you see how it's outlining my
screen,
it says current tab. That's because
everything on this screen
it already knows. It already can see it.
So, like when I'm in my notes and this
is one of the another reason why I love
my notes and I mean,
I do
I do notes.
Um
I again, I have ADHD. It is hard for me
to remember absolutely everything. I
literally right next to my bed have
I have one right here.
This is a dry erase
lined
I have one here at my my desk and I have
one by my bed cuz it could be
2:00 in the morning and I have an idea
and I'm like or note or something and I
have to write it down. So, I love notes.
And what's great about that is this now
knows everything that's in this.
And when customers and title companies
and anybody replies to one of my emails
that I sent through notes,
it goes in here. So, like you see here
that you know, Katherine, she responded
and now that email's in here. Um so,
Rebecca Winters, the agent, loved this,
you know, so
so it it's it it now it does have that
context. So, it's not that it's
necessarily remembering it from
somewhere specifically,
but it's the fact that it is able to
read my entire screen and it's
intelligent enough, I mean, honestly,
it's more intelligent than any of us.
Um it it knows the context of it and
that's why it can write the email the
way that it did and be that complete.